---
layout: post
title: (GTNH) A Pre-Moon base showcase
date: 2026-02-25 16:40:16
description: Showcase
tags: gtnh
categories: game
---

At the start of my PhD, I went looking for a "forever game"—something to stick with me through the years of research ahead. Naturally, I picked the most tech modpack out there: GTNH.

It’s been a wild ride. I am in the HV age and just a few steps away from launching my Tier 1 rocket. To celebrate reaching the moon, here is a look at the base that’s been keeping me sane (mostly) during my studies.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/gtnh/outlook.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
   An overview of the industrial hub, housing both single-block machines and massive multilocks. I went with a "High-Heat Industrial" aesthetic, using orange antiblocks to give the facility a warm, energetic glow.
</div>

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/gtnh/benzene.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
   The beating heart of my power grid: a Benzene distillation setup. Utilizing a Distillation Tower and Steam Squasher, this system keeps the entire base running smoothly.
</div>

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/gtnh/ebf.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
   Two seperate EBF was used since I am lazy to make more coil.
</div>

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/gtnh/machine.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
   The HV Machine Line, built for the moon.
</div>
